{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1138\cocoasubrtf230
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red0\green0\blue192;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720

\f0\fs26 \cf2 Here's the feedback for today.\
I still have to try sending a file to youtube. Hopefully that will work perfectly!\
\
1.) I would like to have the about section changed.\
Please remove all text in the about section and replace it with:\
\
"Comments? Questions? Bug reports which you would like to share?\
\
Please don't hesitate to contact us, as we welcome feedback!\
\
\pard\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:ibackwards@googlemail.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 ibackwards@googlemail.com}}"\
\
2.) The icon has changed (it is out of focus and seems to be different from before).\
Please change it back to how it was before.\
\
3.) Underneath the icon, it says "iBack". Please change this to "iBackwards".\
\
4.) Under Settings, please remove "audio preferences"; "echo effect"; "normal".\'a0\
\
5.) Under Saved Files, please reduce the spaces between the lines. At the moment, only about\'a0\
8 lines fit on the screen. If the space between the text is less, we will be able to fit more\'a0\
file-entries in less space. The size of the text is fine and can remain the same.\
\
6.) How To:\
*Please insert the following text:\
"To share a file on Youtube or play, click on saved file."\
\
*Please remove the third line "To change File-Names, in Edit mode..."\
\
*Please insert the following text:\
"To change file-names, click on Edit and then click on the file."\
\
7.) After clicking "save", the app says "Processing...!"\
I don't want an exclamation mark. It should say "Processing..."\
\
8.) After clicking the record-button, the button needs to change to a button with a\
square inside (a stop-button). Please change this.\
\
Very soon I will test the "upload to Youtube" functionality! I can feel that we are getting close the point where I must open a developers account with Apple, so that we can find out if they accept it!}